Changed default trustedExternalTenants to 'My tenant only' (empty array) instead of 'All tenants' ('*') (#1263)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs/_resources/changelog.md

> ✏️ Changed:
>
> 1. Update required permissions on hubs page [Required permissions](../docs/_reporting/hubs/README.md).

> > 2. Update docs to provide context on the available datasets
> > 3. Change the Data Explorer `numberstring()` function to support decimal numbers.
> > 4. Expand details about supported datasets in documentation.
> > 5. Updated the default setting for ADX trusted external tenants from 'All tenants' to 'My tenant only'. This change may cause breaking issues for ADX clusters accessed by users from external tenants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 1. Change the Data Explorer `numberstring()` function to support decimal numbers.
> 1. Expand details about supported datasets in documentation.
> 1. Updated the default setting for Data Explorer trusted external tenants from "All tenants" to "My tenant only".
>    - This change may cause breaking issues for Data Explorer clusters accessed by users from external tenants.
```
